J P M O R G A N Global Markets Strategy
01 November 2024

FX Technical Update
EUR bounces from trend support against the USD and
tries to bottom above longer-term range support versus
the GBP
• EUR/USD scored an initial rebound from the Oct 2023 trend line after Technical Strategy
triggering a momentum divergence buy signal. In our view, a sustained break
Jason Hunter AC
above 1.087-1.0873 resistance would confirm a trend reversal. We see the
(1-212) 270-0034
1.0935 Sep 38.2% retrace as an initial target zone. Look for the 1.1001-1.1042 jason.x.hunter@jpmorgan.com
cluster of levels to mark a material resistance zone. J.P. Morgan Securities LLC
• EUR/GBP forms a potential short- and medium-term bullish trend reversal
from near longer-term range support at 0.8202-0.8301. Tactically, bulls need
to sustain the break above 0.8355 to keep the ball. The first material zone of
resistance sits near 0.85.
• After exceeding favored resistance near 150-151, USD/JPY decelerates again
near the 153.505 Jul 61.8% retrace and Aug-Sep pattern objective. Other
resistance rests at the 155.37-155.79 spring-summer pattern breakdown.
Closes below 150.335-151.42 are needed to confirm a downside trend reversal,
in our view.
• USD/CNH triggered a short-term momentum divergence sell signal as the pair
continues to struggle with 7.14-7.146 Fibonacci retracement resistance. The
medium-term setup is still clouded by the bullish whipsaw of the 7.06 area. Key
tactical support remains at 7.046-7.097 for now. The next overhead resistance
levels rest at 7.1804-7.1914.

EUR/USD rebounds from 2023-2024 trend
line support
EUR/USD staged an initial rebound from support that includes the 1.077 Aug low,
1.0761 Oct 2023 trend line, and 1.073Apr 78.6% retrace after the price action triggered
on of our momentum divergence buy signals that indicates potential trend exhaustion
and an increased probability for mean reversion. The referenced trend line
was formed after the Apr 2024 price low and then successfully held as support in Jun.
Tactically, bulls need to sustain the initial break above the 1.087-1.0873 200-day
moving average and cluster of hourly chart price highs to keep the agenda. Next
resistance rests at the 1.0935 Sep 38.2% retrace, then 1.1001 Sep 11 low and 1.1042 Sep
61.8% retrace. We suspect those higher levels will present a material amount of
resistance for a rebound. On the downside, a resumption of the monthlong selling
pressure and break through noted support levels would turn our attention to the 1.068
Jul low and 1.0601 Jun low.

EUR/GBP attempts to base above longer-
term range support
EUR/GBP staged a tentative rebound as that cross tries to form a bottom pattern on both
the daily and weekly time frames and above key longer-term range support at 0.8202-
0.8301. The recent bear trend deceleration as the market approached the
noted support zone triggered momentum divergence buy signals on both the daily and
weekly time frames. The latter is illustrated in the chart below and suggests the potential
for a more lasting change in the trend that started with the 0.9269 Sep 2022 reversal in
the upper end of the longer-term range. Tactically, bulls need to sustain closes above the
0.8355 recent pattern breakout to keep the agenda. A rally would gain further
momentum with a break above the 0.8436-0.8467 Sep-Oct highs for the 0.85 Aug
61.8% retrace. That level also roughly aligns with the Feb 2023 trend line and
2H23/1H24 range lows. In our view, a break
k above that resistance would confirm a
more lasting trend reversal and set the cross up for a broader retracement of the multi-
quarter bear trend. Even if the current bounce fails to gain traction, we think subsequent
weakness will find buying interest near the longer-term range support levels noted
above.
Figure 3: EUR/GBP forms a potential short- and medium-term bullish trend reversal from near
longer-term range support at 0.8202-0.8301. Tactically, bulls need to sustain the break above 0.8355
to keep the ball. The first material zone of resistance sits near 0.85.
EUR/GBP, weekly bars with momentum divergence signals
Source: J.P. Morgan, CQG
3

Jason HunterAC Global Markets Strategy JPMORGAN
(1-212) 270-0034 01 November 2024
jason.x.hunter@jpmorgan.com &T Th Eis C Ho Gu Zm .e
d c n t is b e in g p r o v id e d f o r t h e e x c lu s iv e u s e o f J I A X I N L I U a t T H E H K U N I V E R S I T Y O F S C I
USD/JPY rally stalls near the 153.505 Jul
61.8% retrace and Aug-Sep pattern
objective
After the surprising USD/JPY squeeze through key and our favored resistance in the
150- and 151-handles, the pair decelerated again. This time, the short-term momentum
divergence signal triggered as the market approached the 153.505 Jun 61.8% retrace and
Aug-Sep pattern objective (Figure 4). The signal and potential bullish trend reversal in
After exceeding favored resistance near 150-151, USD/JPY decelerates again near the 153.505 Jul 61.8% retrace and Aug-Sep pattern objective. Other resistance rests at the 155.37-155.79 spring-summer pattern breakdown. Closes below 150.335-151.42 are needed to confirm a downside trend reversal, in our view.
the Treasury market sets the stage for at least some mean reversion over the near-term.
However, next week’s headline risk and the recent rally through the key 2022-2024
chart inflection near 151 provides for a very low conviction in a near-term forecast. In
our view, a sustained break below 150.335-151.42 tactical support is needed to confirm
a downside trend reversal. Key support below that now rests at the 145.89-147.17 early-
fall pattern breakout and 50-day moving average. On the upside, a continued rally
would turn our attention to the 155.37-155.79 early-summer top pattern breakdown.
Figure 4: After exceeding favored resistance near 150-151, USD/JPY decelerates again near the
153.505 Jul 61.8% retrace and Aug-Sep pattern objective. Other resistance rests at the 155.37-155.79
spring-summer pattern breakdown. Closes below 150.335-151.42 are needed to confirm a downside
trend reversal, in our view.
USD/JPY, daily bars with momentum divergence signals
Source: J.P. Morgan, CQG
4

Jason HunterAC Global Markets Strategy JPMORGAN
(1-212) 270-0034 01 November 2024
jason.x.hunter@jpmorgan.com &T Th Eis C Ho Gu Zm .e
d c n t is b e in g p r o v id e d f o r t h e e x c lu s iv e u s e o f J I A X I N L I U a t T H E H K U N I V E R S I T Y O F S C I
USD/CNH triggers a short-term sell signal at
the 7.14-7.146 resistance zone
USD/CNH continues to trade sideways near the Figure 57.14-7.146 Fibonacci
USD/CNH triggered a short-term momentum divergence sell signal as the pair continues to struggle with 7.14-7.146 Fibonacci retracement resistance. The medium-term setup is still clouded by the bullish whipsaw of the 7.06 area. Key tactical support remains at 7.046-7.097 for now. The next overhead resistance levels rest at 7.1804-7.1914.
retracement confluence, with the past week’s price action having triggered a momentum
divergence sell signal (Figure 5). That signal favors short-term mean reversion to lower
USD/CNH triggered a short-term momentum divergence sell signal as the pair continues to struggle with 7.14-7.146 Fibonacci retracement resistance. The medium-term setup is still clouded by the bullish whipsaw of the 7.06 area. Key tactical support remains at 7.046-7.097 for now. The next overhead resistance levels rest at 7.1804-7.1914.
prices. Despite the signal, we have low conviction in a near-term forecast given next
week’s headline risk and the recent bullish whipsaw above the 7.06 area. On a tactical
basis, a slide through 7.046-7.097 support levels is needed to confirm a downside trend
reversal. Next support rests at the 7.067 Sep 61.8% retrace. The early-fall trend reversal
unfolded above medium-term support at the 6.9527 Jan 2023 61.8% retrace. On the
upside, key resistance sits at the 7.1804 Jul 61.8% retrace, 7.1914 Aug rebound high,
and 7.2003 200-day moving average. A move through there would turn our attention
back to broader range resistance in the 7.30s.
Figure 5: USD/CNH triggered a short-term momentum divergence sell signal as the pair continues to
struggle with 7.14-7.146 Fibonacci retracement resistance. The medium-term setup is still clouded
by the bullish whipsaw of the 7.06 area. Key tactical support remains at 7.046-7.097 for now. The
next overhead resistance levels rest at 7.1804-7.1914.
USD/CNH, daily bars with momentum divergence signals
Source: J.P. Morgan, CQG
5

Jason HunterAC Global Markets Strategy JPMORGAN
(1-212) 270-0034 01 November 2024
jason.x.hunter@jpmorgan.com &T Th Eis C Ho Gu Zm .e
d c n t is b e in g p r o v id e d f o r t h e e x c lu s iv e u s e o f J I A X I N L I U a t T H E H K U N I V E R S I T Y O F S C I
6

Jason HunterAC Global Markets Strategy JPMORGAN
(1-212) 270-0034 01 November 2024
jason.x.hunter@jpmorgan.com &T Th Eis C Ho Gu Zm .e
d c n t is b e in g p r o v id e d f o r t h e e x c lu s iv e u s e o f J I A X I N L I U a t T H E H K U N I V E R S I T Y O F S C I
Analyst Certification: The Research Analyst(s) denoted by an “AC” on the cover of this report certifies (or, where multiple Research Analysts
are primarily responsible for this report, the Research Analyst denoted by an “AC” on the cover or within the document individually certifies,
with respect to each security or issuer that the Research Analyst covers in this research) that: (1) all of the views expressed in this report
accurately reflect the Research Analyst’s personal views about any and all of the subject securities or issuers; and (2) no part of any of the
Research Analyst's compensation was, is, or will be directly or indirectly related to the specific recommendations or views expressed by the
Research Analyst(s) in this report. For all Korea-based Research Analysts listed on the front cover, if applicable, they also certify, as per KOFIA
requirements, that the Research Analyst’s analysis was made in good faith and that the views reflect the Research Analyst’s own opinion,
without undue influence or intervention.
All authors named within this report are Research Analysts who produce independent research unless otherwise specified. In Europe, Sector
Specialists (Sales and Trading) may be shown on this report as contacts but are not authors of the report or part of the Research Department.
Important Disclosures
Company-Specific Disclosures: Important disclosures, including price charts and credit opinion history tables, are available for compendium
reports and all J.P. Morgan–covered companies, and certain non-covered companies, by visitinghttps://www.jpmm.com/research/disclosures,
calling 1-800-477-0406, or e-mailing research.disclosure.inquiries@jpmorgan.com with your request.
Explanation of Equity Research Ratings, Designations and Analyst(s) Coverage Universe:
J.P. Morgan uses the following rating system: Overweight (over the duration of the price target indicated in this report, we expect this stock will
outperform the average total return of the stocks in the Research Analyst’s, or the Research Analyst’s team’s, coverage universe); Neutral (over
the duration of the price target indicated in this report, we expect this stock will perform in line with the average total return of the stocks in the
Research Analyst’s, or the Research Analyst’s team’s, coverage universe); and Underweight (over the duration of the price target indicated in
this report, we expect this stock will underperform the average total return of the stocks in the Research Analyst’s, or the Research Analyst’s
team’s, coverage universe. NR is Not Rated. In this case, J.P. Morgan has removed the rating and, if applicable, the price target, for this stock
because of either a lack of a sufficient fundamental basis or for legal, regulatory or policy reasons. The previous rating and, if applicable, the
price target, no longer should be relied upon. An NR designation is not a recommendation or a rating. In our Asia (ex-Australia and ex-India)
and U.K. small- and mid-cap Equity Research, each stock’s expected total return is compared to the expected total return of a benchmark
country market index, not to those Research Analysts’ coverage universe. If it does not appear in the Important Disclosures section of this report,
the certifying Research Analyst’s coverage universe can be found on J.P. Morgan’s Research website, https://www.jpmorganmarkets.com.
J.P. Morgan Equity Research Ratings Distribution, as of October 05, 2024
Overweight Neutral Underweight
(buy) (hold) (sell)
J.P. Morgan Global Equity Research Coverage* 49% 38% 13%
IB clients** 50% 46% 38%
JPMS Equity Research Coverage* 46% 41% 13%
IB clients** 71% 67% 54%
*Please note that the percentages may not add to 100% because of rounding.
**Percentage of subject companies within each of the "buy," "hold" and "sell" categories for which J.P. Morgan has provided
investment banking services within the previous 12 months.
For purposes of FINRA ratings distribution rules only, our Overweight rating falls into a buy rating category; our Neutral rating falls
into a hold rating category; and our Underweight rating falls into a sell rating category. Please note that stocks with an NR designation
are not included in the table above. This information is current as of the end of the most recent calendar quarter.
Equity Valuation and Risks: For valuation methodology and risks associated with covered companies or price targets for covered companies,
please see the most recent company-specific research report at http://www.jpmorganmarkets.com, contact the primary analyst or your J.P.
Morgan representative, or email research.disclosure.inquiries@jpmorgan.com. For material information about the proprietary models used,
please see the Summary of Financials in company-specific research reports and the Company Tearsheets, which are available to download on
the company pages of our client website, http://www.jpmorganmarkets.com. This report also sets out within it the material underlying
assumptions used.
A history of J.P. Morgan investment recommendations disseminated during the preceding 12 months can be accessed on the Research &
Commentary page of http://www.jpmorganmarkets.com where you can also search by analyst name, sector or financial instrument.
Analysts' Compensation:The research analysts responsible for the preparation of this report receive compensation based upon various factors,
including the quality and accuracy of research, client feedback, competitive factors, and overall firm revenues.
Registration of non-US Analysts: Unless otherwise noted, the non-US analysts listed on the front of this report are employees of non-US
affiliates of J.P. Morgan Securities LLC, may not be registered as research analysts under FINRA rules, may not be associated persons of J.P.
Morgan Securities LLC, and may not be subject to FINRA Rule 2241 or 2242 restrictions on communications with covered companies, public
appearances, and trading securities held by a research analyst account.
7

Jason HunterAC Global Markets Strategy JPMORGAN
(1-212) 270-0034 01 November 2024
jason.x.hunter@jpmorgan.com &T Th Eis C Ho Gu Zm .e
d c n t is b e in g p r o v id e d f o r t h e e x c lu s iv e u s e o f J I A X I N L I U a t T H E H K U N I V E R S I T Y O F S C I
Other Disclosures
J.P. Morgan is a marketing name for investment banking businesses of JPMorgan Chase & Co. and its subsidiaries and affiliates worldwide.
UK MIFID FICC research unbundling exemption: UK clients should refer to UK MIFID Research Unbundling exemption for details of J.P.
Morgan’s implementation of the FICC research exemption and guidance on relevant FICC research categorisation.
All research material made available to clients are simultaneously available on our client website, J.P. Morgan Markets, unless specifically
permitted by relevant laws. Not all research content is redistributed, e-mailed or made available to third-party aggregators. For all research
material available on a particular stock, please contact your sales representative.
Any long form nomenclature for references to China; Hong Kong; Taiwan; and Macau within this research material are Mainland China; Hong
Kong SAR (China); Taiwan (China); and Macau SAR (China).
J.P. Morgan Research may, from time to time, write on issuers or securities targeted by economic or financial sanctions imposed or administered
by the governmental authorities of the U.S., EU, UK or other relevant jurisdictions (Sanctioned Securities). Nothing in this report is intended to
be read or construed as encouraging, facilitating, promoting or otherwise approving investment or dealing in such Sanctioned Securities. Clients
should be aware of their own legal and compliance obligations when making investment decisions.
Any digital or crypto assets discussed in this research report are subject to a rapidly changing regulatory landscape. For relevant regulatory
advisories on crypto assets, including bitcoin and ether, please see https://www.jpmorgan.com/disclosures/cryptoasset-disclosure.
The author(s) of this research report may not be licensed to carry on regulated activities in your jurisdiction and, if not licensed, do not hold
themselves out as being able to do so.
Exchange-Traded Funds (ETFs): J.P. Morgan Securities LLC (“JPMS”) acts as authorized participant for substantially all U.S.-listed ETFs. To
the extent that any ETFs are mentioned in this report, JPMS may earn commissions and transaction-based compensation in connection with the
distribution of those ETF shares and may earn fees for performing other trade-related services, such as securities lending to short sellers of the
ETF shares. JPMS may also perform services for the ETFs themselves, including acting as a broker or dealer to the ETFs. In addition, affiliates
of JPMS may perform services for the ETFs, including trust, custodial, administration, lending, index calculation and/or maintenance and other
services.
Options and Futures related research: If the information contained herein regards options- or futures-related research, such information is
available only to persons who have received the proper options or futures risk disclosure documents. Please contact your J.P. Morgan
Representative or visit https://www.theocc.com/components/docs/riskstoc.pdf for a copy of the Option Clearing Corporation's Characteristics
and Risks of Standardized Options or http://www.finra.org/sites/default/files/Security_Futures_Risk_Disclosure_Statement_2018.pdf for a copy
of the Security Futures Risk Disclosure Statement.
Changes to Interbank Offered Rates (IBORs) and other benchmark rates: Certain interest rate benchmarks are, or may in the future
become, subject to ongoing international, national and other regulatory guidance, reform and proposals for reform. For more information, please
consult: https://www.jpmorgan.com/global/disclosures/interbank_offered_rates
Private Bank Clients: Where you are receiving research as a client of the private banking businesses offered by JPMorgan Chase & Co. and its
subsidiaries (“J.P. Morgan Private Bank”), research is provided to you by J.P. Morgan Private Bank and not by any other division of J.P. Morgan,
including, but not limited to, the J.P. Morgan Corporate and Investment Bank and its Global Research division.
Legal entity responsible for the production and distribution of research: The legal entity identified below the name of the Reg AC Research
Analyst who authored this material is the legal entity responsible for the production of this research. Where multiple Reg AC Research Analysts
authored this material with different legal entities identified below their names, these legal entities are jointly responsible for the production of
this research. Research Analysts from various J.P. Morgan affiliates may have contributed to the production of this material but may not be
licensed to carry out regulated activities in your jurisdiction (and do not hold themselves out as being able to do so). Unless otherwise stated
below, this material has been distributed by the legal entity responsible for production. If you have any queries, please contact the relevant
Research Analyst in your jurisdiction or the entity in your jurisdiction that has distributed this research material.
Legal Entities Disclosures and Country-/Region-Specific Disclosures:
Argentina: JPMorgan Chase Bank N.A Sucursal Buenos Aires is regulated by Banco Central de la República Argentina (“BCRA”- Central
Bank of Argentina) and Comisión Nacional de Valores (“CNV”- Argentinian Securities Commission - ALYC y AN Integral N°51). Australia:
J.P. Morgan Securities Australia Limited (“JPMSAL”) (ABN 61 003 245 234/AFS Licence No: 238066) is regulated by the Australian
Securities and Investments Commission and is a Market Participant of ASX Limited, a Clearing and Settlement Participant of ASX Clear Pty
Limited and a Clearing Participant of ASX Clear (Futures) Pty Limited. This material is issued and distributed in Australia by or on behalf of
JPMSAL only to "wholesale clients" (as defined in section 761G of the Corporations Act 2001). A list of all financial products covered can be
found by visiting https://www.jpmm.com/research/disclosures. J.P. Morgan seeks to cover companies of relevance to the domestic and
international investor base across all Global Industry Classification Standard (GICS) sectors, as well as across a range of market capitalisation
sizes. If applicable, in the course of conducting public side due diligence on the subject company(ies), the Research Analyst team may at times
perform such diligence through corporate engagements such as site visits, discussions with company representatives, management presentations,
8

Jason HunterAC Global Markets Strategy JPMORGAN
(1-212) 270-0034 01 November 2024
jason.x.hunter@jpmorgan.com &T Th Eis C Ho Gu Zm .e
d c n t is b e in g p r o v id e d f o r t h e e x c lu s iv e u s e o f J I A X I N L I U a t T H E H K U N I V E R S I T Y O F S C I
etc. Research issued by JPMSAL has been prepared in accordance with J.P. Morgan Australia’s Research Independence Policy which can be
found at the following link: J.P. Morgan Australia - Research Independence Policy. Brazil: Banco J.P. Morgan S.A. is regulated by the
Comissao de Valores Mobiliarios (CVM) and by the Central Bank of Brazil. Ombudsman J.P. Morgan: 0800-7700847 / 0800-7700810 (For
Hearing Impaired) / ouvidoria.jp.morgan@jpmorgan.com. Canada: J.P. Morgan Securities Canada Inc. is a registered investment dealer,
regulated by the Canadian Investment Regulatory Organization and the Ontario Securities Commission and is the participating member on
Canadian exchanges. This material is distributed in Canada by or on behalf of J.P.Morgan Securities Canada Inc. Chile: Inversiones J.P. Morgan
Limitada is an unregulated entity incorporated in Chile. China: J.P. Morgan Securities (China) Company Limited has been approved by CSRC
to conduct the securities investment consultancy business. Dubai International Financial Centre (DIFC): JPMorgan Chase Bank, N.A., Dubai
Branch is regulated by the Dubai Financial Services Authority (DFSA) and its registered address is Dubai International Financial Centre - The
Gate, West Wing, Level 3 and 9 PO Box 506551, Dubai, UAE. This material has been distributed by JP Morgan Chase Bank, N.A., Dubai
Branch to persons regarded as professional clients or market counterparties as defined under the DFSA rules. European Economic Area
(EEA): Unless specified to the contrary, research is distributed in the EEA by J.P. Morgan SE (“JPM SE”), which is authorised as a credit
institution by the Federal Financial Supervisory Authority (Bundesanstalt für Finanzdienstleistungsaufsicht, BaFin) and jointly supervised by the
BaFin, the German Central Bank (Deutsche Bundesbank) and the European Central Bank (ECB). JPM SE is a company headquartered in
Frankfurt with registered address at TaunusTurm, Taunustor 1, Frankfurt am Main, 60310, Germany. The material has been distributed in the
EEA to persons regarded as professional investors (or equivalent) pursuant to Art. 4 para. 1 no. 10 and Annex II of MiFID II and its respective
implementation in their home jurisdictions (“EEA professional investors”). This material must not be acted on or relied on by persons who are
not EEA professional investors. Any investment or investment activity to which this material relates is only available to EEA relevant persons
and will be engaged in only with EEA relevant persons. Hong Kong: J.P. Morgan Securities (Asia Pacific) Limited (CE number AAJ321) is
regulated by the Hong Kong Monetary Authority and the Securities and Futures Commission in Hong Kong, and J.P. Morgan Broking (Hong
Kong) Limited (CE number AAB027) is regulated by the Securities and Futures Commission in Hong Kong. JP Morgan Chase Bank, N.A.,
Hong Kong Branch (CE Number AAL996) is regulated by the Hong Kong Monetary Authority and the Securities and Futures Commission, is
organized under the laws of the United States with limited liability. Where the distribution of this material is a regulated activity in Hong Kong,
the material is distributed in Hong Kong by or through J.P. Morgan Securities (Asia Pacific) Limited and/or J.P. Morgan Broking (Hong Kong)
Limited. India: J.P. Morgan India Private Limited (Corporate Identity Number - U67120MH1992FTC068724), having its registered office at
J.P. Morgan Tower, Off. C.S.T. Road, Kalina, Santacruz - East, Mumbai – 400098, is registered with the Securities and Exchange Board of India
(SEBI) as a ‘Research Analyst’ having registration number INH000001873. J.P. Morgan India Private Limited is also registered with SEBI as a
member of the National Stock Exchange of India Limited and the Bombay Stock Exchange Limited (SEBI Registration Number –
INZ000239730) and as a Merchant Banker (SEBI Registration Number - MB/INM000002970). Telephone: 91-22-6157 3000, Facsimile: 91-22-
6157 3990 and Website: http://www.jpmipl.com. JPMorgan Chase Bank, N.A. - Mumbai Branch is licensed by the Reserve Bank of India (RBI)
(Licence No. 53/ Licence No. BY.4/94; SEBI - IN/CUS/014/ CDSL : IN-DP-CDSL-444-2008/ IN-DP-NSDL-285-2008/ INBI00000984/
INE231311239) as a Scheduled Commercial Bank in India, which is its primary license allowing it to carry on Banking business in India and
other activities, which a Bank branch in India are permitted to undertake. For non-local research material, this material is not distributed in India
by J.P. Morgan India Private Limited. Compliance Officer: Spurthi Gadamsetty; spurthi.gadamsetty@jpmchase.com; +912261573225.
Grievance Officer: Ramprasadh K, jpmipl.research.feedback@jpmorgan.com; +912261573000.
Investment in securities market are subject to market risks. Read all the related documents carefully before investing. Registration
granted by SEBI and certification from NISM in no way guarantee performance of the intermediary or provide any assurance of
returns to investors.
Indonesia: PT J.P. Morgan Sekuritas Indonesia is a member of the Indonesia Stock Exchange and is registered and supervised by the Otoritas
Jasa Keuangan (OJK). Korea: J.P. Morgan Securities (Far East) Limited, Seoul Branch, is a member of the Korea Exchange (KRX). JPMorgan
Chase Bank, N.A., Seoul Branch, is licensed as a branch office of foreign bank (JPMorgan Chase Bank, N.A.) in Korea. Both entities are
regulated by the Financial Services Commission (FSC) and the Financial Supervisory Service (FSS). For non-macro research material, the
material is distributed in Korea by or through J.P. Morgan Securities (Far East) Limited, Seoul Branch. Japan: JPMorgan Securities Japan Co.,
Ltd. and JPMorgan Chase Bank, N.A., Tokyo Branch are regulated by the Financial Services Agency in Japan. Malaysia: This material is issued
and distributed in Malaysia by JPMorgan Securities (Malaysia) Sdn Bhd (18146-X), which is a Participating Organization of Bursa Malaysia
Berhad and holds a Capital Markets Services License issued by the Securities Commission in Malaysia. Mexico: J.P. Morgan Casa de Bolsa,
S.A. de C.V. and J.P. Morgan Grupo Financiero are members of the Mexican Stock Exchange and are authorized to act as a broker dealer by the
National Banking and Securities Exchange Commission. New Zealand: This material is issued and distributed by JPMSAL in New Zealand
only to "wholesale clients" (as defined in the Financial Markets Conduct Act 2013). JPMSAL is registered as a Financial Service Provider under
the Financial Service providers (Registration and Dispute Resolution) Act of 2008. Philippines: J.P. Morgan Securities Philippines Inc. is a
Trading Participant of the Philippine Stock Exchange and a member of the Securities Clearing Corporation of the Philippines and the Securities
Investor Protection Fund. It is regulated by the Securities and Exchange Commission. Singapore: This material is issued and distributed in
Singapore by or through J.P. Morgan Securities Singapore Private Limited (JPMSS) [MDDI (P) 068/08/2024 and Co. Reg. No.: 199405335R],
which is a member of the Singapore Exchange Securities Trading Limited, and/or JPMorgan Chase Bank, N.A., Singapore branch (JPMCB
Singapore), both of which are regulated by the Monetary Authority of Singapore. This material is issued and distributed in Singapore only to
accredited investors, expert investors and institutional investors, as defined in Section 4A of the Securities and Futures Act, Cap. 289 (SFA).
This material is not intended to be issued or distributed to any retail investors or any other investors that do not fall into the classes of
“accredited investors,” “expert investors” or “institutional investors,” as defined under Section 4A of the SFA. Recipients of this material in
Singapore are to contact JPMSS or JPMCB Singapore in respect of any matters arising from, or in connection with, the material. South Africa:
J.P. Morgan Equities South Africa Proprietary Limited and JPMorgan Chase Bank, N.A., Johannesburg Branch are members of the
Johannesburg Securities Exchange and are regulated by the Financial Services Conduct Authority (FSCA). Taiwan: J.P. Morgan Securities
9

Jason HunterAC Global Markets Strategy JPMORGAN
(1-212) 270-0034 01 November 2024
jason.x.hunter@jpmorgan.com &T Th Eis C Ho Gu Zm .e
d c n t is b e in g p r o v id e d f o r t h e e x c lu s iv e u s e o f J I A X I N L I U a t T H E H K U N I V E R S I T Y O F S C I
(Taiwan) Limited is a participant of the Taiwan Stock Exchange (company-type) and regulated by the Taiwan Securities and Futures Bureau.
Material relating to equity securities is issued and distributed in Taiwan by J.P. Morgan Securities (Taiwan) Limited, subject to the license scope
and the applicable laws and the regulations in Taiwan. According to Paragraph 2, Article 7-1 of Operational Regulations Governing Securities
Firms Recommending Trades in Securities to Customers (as amended or supplemented) and/or other applicable laws or regulations, please note
that the recipient of this material is not permitted to engage in any activities in connection with the material that may give rise to conflicts of
interests, unless otherwise disclosed in the “Important Disclosures” in this material. Thailand: This material is issued and distributed in
Thailand by JPMorgan Securities (Thailand) Ltd., which is a member of the Stock Exchange of Thailand and is regulated by the Ministry of
Finance and the Securities and Exchange Commission, and its registered address is 3rd Floor, 20 North Sathorn Road, Silom, Bangrak, Bangkok
10500. UK: Unless specified to the contrary, research is distributed in the UK by J.P. Morgan Securities plc (“JPMS plc”) which is a member of
the London Stock Exchange and is authorised by the Prudential Regulation Authority and regulated by the Financial Conduct Authority and the
Prudential Regulation Authority. JPMS plc is registered in England & Wales No. 2711006, Registered Office 25 Bank Street, London, E14 5JP.
This material is directed in the UK only to: (a) persons having professional experience in matters relating to investments falling within article
19(5) of the Financial Services and Markets Act 2000 (Financial Promotion) (Order) 2005 (“the FPO”); (b) persons outlined in article 49 of the
FPO (high net worth companies, unincorporated associations or partnerships, the trustees of high value trusts, etc.); or (c) any persons to whom
this communication may otherwise lawfully be made; all such persons being referred to as "UK relevant persons". This material must not be
acted on or relied on by persons who are not UK relevant persons. Any investment or investment activity to which this material relates is only
available to UK relevant persons and will be engaged in only with UK relevant persons. Research issued by JPMS plc has been prepared in
accordance with JPMS plc's policy for prevention and avoidance of conflicts of interest related to the production of Research which can be
found at the following link: J.P. Morgan EMEA - Research Independence Policy. U.S.: J.P. Morgan Securities LLC (“JPMS”) is a member of
the NYSE, FINRA, SIPC, and the NFA. JPMorgan Chase Bank, N.A. is a member of the FDIC. Material published by non-U.S. affiliates is
distributed in the U.S. by JPMS who accepts responsibility for its content.
General: Additional information is available upon request. The information in this material has been obtained from sources believed to be
reliable. While all reasonable care has been taken to ensure that the facts stated in this material are accurate and that the forecasts, opinions and
expectations contained herein are fair and reasonable, JPMorgan Chase & Co. or its affiliates and/or subsidiaries (collectively J.P. Morgan) make
no representations or warranties whatsoever to the completeness or accuracy of the material provided, except with respect to any disclosures
relative to J.P. Morgan and the Research Analyst's involvement with the issuer that is the subject of the material. Accordingly, no reliance should
be placed on the accuracy, fairness or completeness of the information contained in this material. There may be certain discrepancies with data
and/or limited content in this material as a result of calculations, adjustments, translations to different languages, and/or local regulatory
restrictions, as applicable. These discrepancies should not impact the overall investment analysis, views and/or recommendations of the subject
company(ies) that may be discussed in the material. J.P. Morgan accepts no liability whatsoever for any loss arising from any use of this material
or its contents, and neither J.P. Morgan nor any of its respective directors, officers or employees, shall be in any way responsible for the contents
hereof, apart from the liabilities and responsibilities that may be imposed on them by the relevant regulatory authority in the jurisdiction in
question, or the regulatory regime thereunder. Opinions, forecasts or projections contained in this material represent J.P. Morgan's current
opinions or judgment as of the date of the material only and are therefore subject to change without notice. Periodic updates may be provided on
companies/industries based on company-specific developments or announcements, market conditions or any other publicly available
information. There can be no assurance that future results or events will be consistent with any such opinions, forecasts or projections, which
represent only one possible outcome. Furthermore, such opinions, forecasts or projections are subject to certain risks, uncertainties and
assumptions that have not been verified, and future actual results or events could differ materially. The value of, or income from, any
investments referred to in this material may fluctuate and/or be affected by changes in exchange rates. All pricing is indicative as of the close of
market for the securities discussed, unless otherwise stated. Past performance is not indicative of future results. Accordingly, investors may
receive back less than originally invested. This material is not intended as an offer or solicitation for the purchase or sale of any financial
instrument. The opinions and recommendations herein do not take into account individual client circumstances, objectives, or needs and are not
intended as recommendations of particular securities, financial instruments or strategies to particular clients. This material may include views on
structured securities, options, futures and other derivatives. These are complex instruments, may involve a high degree of risk and may be
appropriate investments only for sophisticated investors who are capable of understanding and assuming the risks involved. The recipients of
this material must make their own independent decisions regarding any securities or financial instruments mentioned herein and should seek
advice from such independent financial, legal, tax or other adviser as they deem necessary. J.P. Morgan may trade as a principal on the basis of
the Research Analysts’ views and research, and it may also engage in transactions for its own account or for its clients’ accounts in a manner
inconsistent with the views taken in this material, and J.P. Morgan is under no obligation to ensure that such other communication is brought to
the attention of any recipient of this material. Others within J.P. Morgan, including Strategists, Sales staff and other Research Analysts, may take
views that are inconsistent with those taken in this material. Employees of J.P. Morgan not involved in the preparation of this material may have
investments in the securities (or derivatives of such securities) mentioned in this material and may trade them in ways different from those
discussed in this material. This material is not an advertisement for or marketing of any issuer, its products or services, or its securities in any
jurisdiction.
Confidentiality and Security Notice: This transmission may contain information that is privileged, confidential, legally privileged, and/or
exempt from disclosure under applicable law. If you are not the intended recipient, you are hereby notified that any disclosure, copying,
distribution, or use of the information contained herein (including any reliance thereon) is STRICTLY PROHIBITED. Although this
transmission and any attachments are believed to be free of any virus or other defect that might affect any computer system into which it is
received and opened, it is the responsibility of the recipient to ensure that it is virus free and no responsibility is accepted by JPMorgan Chase &
Co., its subsidiaries and affiliates, as applicable, for any loss or damage arising in any way from its use. If you received this transmission in
error, please immediately contact the sender and destroy the material in its entirety, whether in electronic or hard copy format. This message is
10

Jason HunterAC Global Markets Strategy JPMORGAN
(1-212) 270-0034 01 November 2024
jason.x.hunter@jpmorgan.com &T Th Eis C Ho Gu Zm .e
d c n t is b e in g p r o v id e d f o r t h e e x c lu s iv e u s e o f J I A X I N L I U a t T H E H K U N I V E R S I T Y O F S C I
subject to electronic monitoring: https://www.jpmorgan.com/disclosures/email
MSCI: Certain information herein (“Information”) is reproduced by permission of MSCI Inc., its affiliates and information providers (“MSCI”)
©2024. No reproduction or dissemination of the Information is permitte
